# Demographic-data
Demographic data is statistical data collected about the characteristics of the population e.g. age, gender, income and civil status. It is used in web analysis, consumer analysis and targeting. This project is a descriptive analysis of a small extract of demographic data from the International Data Base (IDB) of the U.S. Census Bureau. It contains four demographic variables (Fertility rate, male life expectancy, female life expectancy, and general life expectancy) of 228 countries from 2000 and 2020. The goal of this project is to conduct a descriptive analysis of these demographic four variables to study the correlation between them, their frequency distribution and compare their variability in the individual subregions and between different subregions in 2020 and to observe how they changed over the last 20 years. To achieve these goals, several statistical methods i.e mean, standard deviations are used to study the distribution of the data, find outliers in addition to graphical methods like scatter plot to find correlations, box plots to compare the variables among subregions, histogram to examine how the variables change on 2020 comparing to 2000 and to analyze the frequency distribution of the demographic variables. The result shows that the life expectancy of both sexes increased from the year 2000 to 2020 while the fertility rate decreased. Also, there is a negative correlation between fertility rate and life expectancy among the countries in 2000. Moreover, the fertility rate decreased and life expectancy increased over the last 20 years.
